{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Univers (W1){\*\falt Arial};}{\f47\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f48\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Arial};}{\f50\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Arial};}{\f51\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f52\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Arial};}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f57\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs36\ul\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb360\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f17\fs28\ul\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\sb320\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\i\f17\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 
heading 4;}{\s5\ri1224\sb240\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \f1\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright 
\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Bullet;}{\s16\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs36\cgrid \snext25 Chap #;}{\s17\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 caption;}{\s18\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext18 Unnumbered;}{\s19\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 Num List;}{\s20\fi-1080\li1200\sa80\sl-240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \snext20 Code;}{\s21\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf2\cgrid \snext21 Production;}{\s22\ri1440\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \snext22 TB Body;}{\s23\fi-720\li720\ri1440\sb480\sl-240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\cgrid \snext24 TB Head;}{\s24\ri1440\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cgrid \snext22 TB Col Head;}{\s25\sb240\sa240\sl-560\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs56\cgrid \sbasedon16 \snext26 Chap Title;}{
\s26\sb320\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f17\cgrid \sbasedon4 \snext27 Intro Head;}{\s27\fi-864\li864\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext27 Intro Text;}{
\s28\qc\sb320\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\cgrid \sbasedon4 \snext29 SB Head;}{\s29\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f17\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 SB Body;}{\s30\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 M1;}{\s31\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon30 \snext31 M2;}{\s32\fi-864\li864\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon27 \snext0 Intro Last;}{
\s33\fi-1080\li1200\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon20 \snext0 Code Last;}{\s34\ri1440\sa480\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon22 \snext0 TB Last;}{\s35\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext35 Num List 2;}{\s36\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext0 Num Last;}{\s37\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar
\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext37 Bullet 2;}{\s38\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext0 Bullet Last;}{\s39\sa240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf6\cgrid \sbasedon21 \snext39 Query;}{
\s40\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon37 \snext0 Bullet 2 Last;}{\s41\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon35 \snext0 Num 2 Last;}{
\s42\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon29 \snext42 SB Code;}{\s43\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon36 \snext43 Unnumbered-Last;}{
\s44\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \f17\cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext44 SB Indent;}{\s45\fi-1080\li1956\sa80\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon20 \snext45 Code-Indent;}{
\s46\fi-1080\li1958\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon45 \snext0 Code-Indent Last;}{\s47\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid \sbasedon2 \snext0 In This Part;}{
\s48\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs36\cgrid \sbasedon16 \snext49 Part #;}{\s49\sb240\sa240\sl-560\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs56\cgrid \sbasedon25 \snext47 Part Title;}{\s50\sa240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf5\cgrid 
\sbasedon39 \snext50 Editor Query;}{\s51\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext51 Indent;}{\s52\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf11\cgrid \sbasedon21 \snext0 Figure callout or directive;}{
\s53\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon37 \snext53 Indent 2;}{\s54\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon40 \snext0 Indent 2 Last;}{
\s55\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon38 \snext0 Indent Last;}{\s56\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf12\cgrid \sbasedon21 \snext0 Margin Art Directive;}{\s57\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon17 \snext0 Photo Credit;}}{\info{\title Please see printout labeled CD0703 to see how the table should look}{\author Colleen Totz}{\operator Megan Decraene}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy4\hr13\min37}{\revtim\yr2000\mo5\dy3\hr14\min32}
{\version5}{\edmins2}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords778}{\nofchars4438}{\*\company IDG BOOKS WORLDWIDE, INC.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\fracwidth\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs36\ul\cgrid {\ulnone How to Adapt Your Sales Style\line for that Difficult Customer
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For a Random to sell to a Sequential
\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Organize your presentation carefully in advance.
\par Tell them what your agenda is, and let them modify it.
\par Pick one key point and stick to it! Your tendency to jump around from idea to idea drives them crazy.
\par Give them time to organize each thing you say.
\par Ask them what they want to do, when, in what order. Their plan will determine what you can sell to them when.
\par Close by listening carefully to what they want to do, then trying to repeat their plan back to them, along with your suggestions for what to buy when.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For a Sequential to sell to a Random
\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Scrap your scripted presentation and prep by picking three or four \ldblquote key points\rdblquote  instead.
\par Explain what you want to focus on and then let them take control of the topic.
\par Slip your key points in whenever they seem relevant.
\par Postpone organization until the close. Then try to wrap up by saying, \ldblquote It sounds like you want to do a, b and c. Is that right?\rdblquote 
\par If they agree, you\rquote re set! If not, let them digress a little longer, then try again.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For a Divergent to sell to a Convergent
\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Find out exactly what their agenda is, and try to stick to it!
\par If you see a real need to change approach or direction, explain it and seek their permission first.
\par Recognize that closure is important to them, and try to wrap up and summarize more than you usually do.
\par Prepare and present the one best option you can, instead of offering multiple options.
\par Try closing earlier than your instincts tell you to. They may be ready before you.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For a Convergent to sell to a Divergent
\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {You probably know what you think they should do. But force yourself to consider and suggest other good alternatives too. They won\rquote t be comfortable until they\rquote 
ve looked at many options.
\par Let them dominate the early stages while you take over at the end. They will want to explore many viewpoints and ask a diversity of questions.
\par Wait until they begin to run out of energy, and you think they have looked at enough alternatives. Then present your \ldblquote best option.\rdblquote 
\par Don\rquote t hurry the close. And when you do try to close, give them plenty of information and choices.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For a Private to sell to a Public
\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Make an effort to share your thoughts and feelings so they don\rquote t think you are unfriendly.
\par Don\rquote t bring up the \ldblquote business\rdblquote  until they do. They may want to talk about themselves for a while before they are ready to work.
\par Give yourself some quiet time before you visit with them so you are rested and ready for their high energy approach.
\par Turn your presentation around so that you seem to be asking them what they think instead of telling them. Lead them to the brink of answers, then let them provide the answers.
\par Use numerous low-key test closes. They may keep you talking even if they aren\rquote t serious about buying, so you have to decide whether to stick with it or try again later. If you get three nos, retreat graciously even if they don\rquote 
t seem to want you to.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For a Public to sell to a Private
\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Run through your presentation or mental scripts and figure out how to lose half or two thirds of them. You need to plan to talk a lot less than usual!
\par Make sure you give them plenty of personal space. Don\rquote t sit or stand too near them.
\par Don\rquote t ask too many personal questions.
\par Speak quietly.
\par Don\rquote t worry about silences. They probably like longer gaps for thinking than you do.
\par Try to close politely early on in the meeting. If they reject the close clearly, then ask if they\rquote d like you to give them time to think it over.
\par Expect to have to postpone the majority of closes until the customer has had time to think it over on their own.
\par Try closing with \ldblquote cool,\rdblquote  impersonal channels like e-mail, phone or fax.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For a Receptive to sell to an Expressive
\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Your ability to listen and sense what they want allows you to be the ultimate consultative salesperson! Plan to ask lots of questions instead of giving a formal presentation.

\par Use your listening skills to draw out their ideas and concerns.
\par When you need to take control of the conversation, summarize what you think they have been saying and suggest solutions for their problems.
\par Frame your closes in terms of what they said. \ldblquote You said that... It seems clear that you value ___ above __. Therefore it might make sense for you to... What do you think?\rdblquote 
\par Always let them have the last word and don\rquote t rush them when they are talking. Eventually your willingness to listen and show concern will lead them to value their relationship with you and they will want to give you more business.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f17\fs32\cgrid {For an Expressive to sell to a Receptive
\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Prepare your most fascinating and polished presentation. This customer will be impressed by it.
\par Remember to ask and listen, not just talk. It is too easy to dominate your interactions and never find out what they think or want.
\par Slow down. Ask easy questions, and wait for them to elaborate upon the answers.
\par They may seem interested in your personal life, but everyone shares personal details with them and they are getting sick of it. Try to focus on their business.
\par Ask them open-ended questions to draw them out.
\par }\pard\plain \s34\ri1440\sa480\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Don\rquote t be afraid to take the initiative in proposing business . They are not likely to signa
l that they want to close. But if you test the water, you may find they are receptive to closing.
\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {\fs16 
\par Copyright \'a9 1998, 2000 by Alexander Hiam & Associates.}{
\par }}