{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0 {\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 JPKEIL+TimesNewRomanPS{\*\falt Times New Roman PS};}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 JPKEMO+TimesNewRomanPSMT{\*\falt Times New Roman PSMT};}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 JPKEOA+TimesNewRomanPS{\*\falt Times New Roman PS};}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\s0\f0\fs24\cf0\sbasedon222\snext0\ql Default;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0 CM4;}{\s2\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM2;}{\s3\sbasedon0\snext0 CM5;}{\s4\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM3;}}{\*\listtable {\list\listtemplateid1908704472 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\levelfollow0{\leveltext\'01\'00.}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}\listid767295945}}
{\*\listoverridetable {\listoverride\listid767295945\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\generator Adobe Acrobat Exchange-Pro 8.0}{\info{\title Microsoft Word - CD0802.doc}{\author Graphics 3}{\creatim\yr2000\mo3\dy22\hr22\min4\sec55}{\revtim\yr2000\mo3\dy22\hr22\min4\sec56}{\id1634204}}
\pard\plain\ql\f0\fs24\cf0 \paperh15840\paperw12240\margt1522\margr2308\margl1597\pghsxn16340\pgwsxn12240\margtsxn1522\margrsxn2308\marglsxn1597\pard \'20\par\pard\absw7609\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1617\sl558\slmult0\b\fs55 Analyzing & Interpreting Your Marketing Audit 
\b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw7405\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3010\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Most people find that the simple act of considering each item of the audit leads to many ideas and insights. Often, we are far less aware of what we \fs23\f2 don\rquote t
\fs23\f1  do than of what we do. So when we encounter questions we have to answer with a no, it makes us think about whether the activities they describe might be useful to our sales and marketing efforts. Therefore, the simplest way to analyze and interpret an audit is just to take a look at each item you answered with a no and think about whether you need to modify or add activities in that area. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw7271\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5170\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 A more formal and big-picture approach to analyzing and interpreting your audit is to calculate the percentage of yes answers in each section of the audit, then develop a profile in which you can easily compare your level of performance in each area. That way, you get a quick idea of where your relative strengths and weaknesses lie and you can \ldblquote see\rdblquote  your entire marketing initiative in a single graphic. Here\rquote s how to prepare your own marketing profile based on your audit. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7454\phpg\posx1905\pvpg\posy7090\ls1\ilvl0\li0\b\fs23\f0 Add up the number of yes answers in each section of the audit and enter those totals in the Section Summary boxes, if you have not done so already. \b0\par\li0\b\fs23 Transfer those totals to the following formulas and use them t
\b0\b\fs23 o \b0\b\fs23 compute your Profile Scores\b0\b\fs23 : \b0\par\pard\par\pard\s2\s3\absw7256\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9010\fi0\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f2 Activity area\fs23 :\tab \fs23  Formula: Profile \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw1456\phpg\posx7560\pvpg\posy9730\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
Score: \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\s1\absw7450\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10210\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Customer acquisition # of yeses_____ \'F7 17 = _____ % \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\s1\absw7450\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10690\sl240\slmult0\fs23 Information gathering # of yeses_____ \'F7 16 = _____ % 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw7450\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11170\fi0\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 Marketing plannin\fs23 g\tab \fs23  # of yeses_____ \'F7 18 = _____ % \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw7450\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11650\fi0\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
Communication\fs23 s\tab \fs23  # of yeses_____ \'F7 37 = _____ % \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw7450\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12130\fi0\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 Customer servic\fs23 e\tab \fs23  # of yeses_____ \'F7 14 = _____ % \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\s1\absw7450\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12610\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
Organization & management # of yeses_____ \'F7 12 = _____ % \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s1\absw7450\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13090\fi0\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 Creativit\fs23 y\tab \fs23  # of yeses_____ \'F7 12 = _____ % \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw8008\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13570\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 
Overall Score Calculation: Total # of yeses______ \'F7 126 = _____ % \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\pagebb\absw6992\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 After you convert all your section scores into percents, you can easily compare them and see which areas are more lacking and therefore more deserving of immediate attention. It\rquote s a good idea to pick the one or two areas where your scores are lowest to work on. That gives you a helpful focus in your future sales and marketing efforts. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw7399\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2852\sl240\slmult0\fs23 But don\rquote t ignore your strengths while working on your weaknesses! If you score relatively high on one or two of the sections of the marketing audit, then these are probably the activity areas which are working the best for you right now. Activities in these areas no doubt contribute disproportionately to any successes you now have. Which means you better take good care of them! Don\rquote t divert resources from areas of strength to areas of weakness unless you are sure that you will get improvements in efficiency and effectiveness as a result. Sometimes it even makes sense to strengthen your best area first, in order to generate more surplus profits, before you try to do too much to improve a weak area. 
\ulnone\strike0 }