{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0 {\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 JPNFAG+Arial{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 JPNFFK+TimesNewRomanPSMT{\*\falt Times New Roman PSMT};}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 JPNFGM+Arial{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\froman\fcharset0 JPNFIO+TimesNewRomanPS{\*\falt Times New Roman PS};}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\s0\f0\fs24\cf0\sbasedon222\snext0\ql Default;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0 CM6;}{\s2\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM1;}{\s3\sbasedon0\snext0 CM7;}{\s4\sbasedon0\snext0 CM8;}{\s5\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM2;}{\s6\sbasedon0\snext0 CM9;}{\s7\sbasedon0\snext0 CM10;}{\s8\sbasedon0\snext0 CM11;}{\s9\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM4;}{\s10\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM5;}}
{\*\listtable {\list\listtemplateid263939588 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelfollow0}\listid1201679897}}{\*\listoverridetable {\listoverride\listid1201679897\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\generator Adobe Acrobat Exchange-Pro 8.0}{\info{\title Microsoft Word - CD0603.doc}{\author Graphics 3}{\creatim\yr2000\mo3\dy22\hr22\min5\sec7}{\revtim\yr2000\mo3\dy22\hr22\min5\sec9}{\id1634204}}
\pard\plain\ql\f0\fs24\cf0 \paperh15840\paperw12240\margt1954\margr2470\margl1704\pghsxn16340\pgwsxn12240\margtsxn1954\margrsxn2470\marglsxn1704\pard \'20\par\pard\s1\absw6104\phpg\posx2875\pvpg\posy2021\li0\b\fs40 Customer Debriefing Form \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s3\absw7449\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2646\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 
The purpose of this form is to help you conduct a customer debriefing, an informational conversation in which you probe to find out what the customer's views of your business really are. To use this form, simply follow the step-by-step instructions and read the scripts. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw7812\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4171\li0\sl240\slmult0\b\fs28\f0 1.\b0\b\fs28  Explain what you want them to do and ask permission toproceed. \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw1531\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5046\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 
Script\b0\b\fs23\f2 : \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s7\absw7422\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5406\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 I'd like to ask you some questions as part of our effort to talk to key customers and learn more about their viewpoint. We will be reviewing all the customer input we receive and incorporating it into our next year's improvement plan. This is a strictly informational discussion; it\rquote s not a sales call at all. But it will take a little of your time, I'd guess about ten minutes. Is that all right with you? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\absw2062\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7326\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 Response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw4276\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8646\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 How to handle their response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7424\phpg\posx2088\pvpg\posy9006\ls1\ilvl0
\li0\fs23\f1 If it's not all right, ask if it is all right to reschedule later. \par\li0\fs23 If yes, then reschedule and start again at that time. \par\li0\fs23 If still no, then thank them very much for their time anyway, tell them you appreciate their business, and that they can call you any time if they any comments, questions or suggestions. Then hang up @md quickly enough that they don't get irritated with the interruption! 
\par\pard\par\pard\s5\s4\absw7774\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11611\sl240\slmult0\b\fs28\f0 2.\b0\b\fs28  Ask them about their general level of satisfaction. \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw1595\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12246\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 Script: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw7432\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12606\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 
Thank you. My first question concerns your overall level of satisfaction with our products/services. How happy are you with everything right now? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\pagebb\absw2062\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\b\fs23\f0 Response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw4276\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3212\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 
How to handle their response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s3\absw7439\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3572\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Write down what they say. If necessary, say, "I'm sorry, but can you give me a minute to write that down?" or even "I got the first part, about ________, but I missed the last thing you said. Can you repeat it?" People usually don't mind waiting for you to take notes because they are honored that you value their comments enough to write them down. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s4\absw5809\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5337\sl240\slmult0\b\fs28\f0 3.\b0\b\fs28  Ask them for specific suggestions. \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw1531\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5972\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 Script\b0\b\fs23\f2 : 
\b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s7\absw7471\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6332\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Okay, thanks. Now, can you think of anything in particular that might make our products/services better? Anything that would increase your satisfaction? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s8\absw2062\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7292\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 
Response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw4276\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9092\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 How to handle their response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s3\absw4369\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9452\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Write down everything they suggest. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw7332\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10257\ri0\li0\sl240\slmult0\b\fs28\f0 4.\b0\b\fs28  Ask them for details of any suggestion that you thinkdeserves elaboration or explanation \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw1595\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11132\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 
Script: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw6036\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11492\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Could you tell me more about your idea to ________? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s9\s6\absw1029\phpg\posx2520\pvpg\posy11852\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 or \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\absw7179\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12212\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
You said that ________. That interests me. Do you mind explaining that a little more? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\pagebb\absw2062\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2132\b\fs23\f0 Response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s6\absw4276\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3932\b\fs23 How to handle their response: 
\b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s7\absw7392\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4292\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Capture details of any suggestions or complaints. Try to write down specific words or phrases they use which are different from what you use within the company. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw8036\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5577\b\fs28\f0 
5.\b0\b\fs28  Ask for anything else they think you ought to know. \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw1595\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6212\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 Script: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s7\absw7382\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6572\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 
Thanks so much for your input. It's really very helpful because we don't always know how our business looks from the customer's perspective. Now, is there anything else you can think of that we ought to know or take a look at? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s8\absw2062\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8012\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 
Response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw4276\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9812\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 How to handle their response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s7\absw7748\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10172\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Again, write down any and all comments. Probe for details if necessary. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw4617\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10977\b\fs28\f0 6.\b0\b\fs28  Thank them for their help. \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw1595\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11612\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 Script: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s10\s7\absw7288\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11972\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 
Thanks so much for your help! I really appreciate your input. I'll make sure that everybody has a good look at your comments and suggestions, and I know they'll be helpful as we work on ways to improve our business. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw4276\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13172\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 
How to handle their response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\absw7398\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13532\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Now, end the conversation, or if there was a specific, unresolved problem or complaint, go on to Step 7. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\pagebb\absw7589\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1377\b\fs28\f0 
7.\b0\b\fs28  Deal with any specific complaints (if necessary). \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw1595\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2012\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 Script: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s10\s6\absw7325\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2372\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 
You mentioned a (problem/concern) that I\rquote d like to follow up on. Can I just make sure I understood what they problem was. Is it that____________? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s9\s6\absw1029\phpg\posx2520\pvpg\posy2972\li0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 or \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s7\absw7452\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3332\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
That's all I have to ask you for our research, but I noticed that you were not happy about ____________________. If you like, I can work on solving that problem for you. Would you like me to look into it and (get back to you/have __________ get back to you)? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s8\absw2062\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4772\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 Response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s6\absw4276\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6572\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23 How to handle their response: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s1\absw7085\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6932\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 
If your questions revealed a customer complaint, then you need to switch gears and offer to look into the problem and get back to them or have someone else get back to them to solve it. Now is your opportunity to recognize the complaint and deal with it. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s7\absw7462\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8132\sl240\slmult0\fs23 End by making a specific commitment as to what you'll do, when, in order to work on solving the customer's problem. Then thank them again for participating in the research. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s6\absw1662\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9417\b\fs28\f0 Notes \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\s7\absw7025\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9812\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Did you make any \fs23\f3 promises\fs23\f1  to this customer? If so, make a note of them here so you'll remember to follow through. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s8\absw3662\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10772\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 Customer commitments: \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\absw7668\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12594\fs21\f3 Customer Debriefing Form copyright \'A9 1999 by Alexander Hiam & Associates 
\ulnone\strike0 }