{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0 {\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 JPLIOA+TimesNewRomanPS{\*\falt Times New Roman PS};}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 JPLJGG+TimesNewRomanPSMT{\*\falt Times New Roman PSMT};}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\s0\f0\fs24\cf0\sbasedon222\snext0\ql Default;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0 CM7;}{\s2\sbasedon0\snext0 CM8;}{\s3\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM2;}{\s4\sbasedon0\snext0 CM9;}{\s5\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM3;}{\s6\sbasedon0\snext0 CM4;}{\s7\sbasedon0\snext0 CM5;}{\s8\sl240\slmult0\sbasedon0\snext0 CM6;}{\s9\sbasedon0\snext0 CM11;}{\s10\sbasedon0\snext0 CM10;}}
{\*\listtable {\list\listtemplateid3874744460 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelfollow0}\listid1644491719}{\list\listtemplateid1290598033 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid1159118405}{\list\listtemplateid4774718 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid0}{\list\listtemplateid1653204058 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid814576762}{\list\listtemplateid562202867 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid2389283836}{\list\listtemplateid1514795803 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid2168432993}{\list\listtemplateid1245251220 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid3508739198}{\list\listtemplateid1490438280 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid0}{\list\listtemplateid2961901043 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid2169115751}{\list\listtemplateid2410789513 \listhybrid{\listlevel\levelstartat1\levelold0\levelnfc10\levelnfcn10\levelfollow0}\listid891016634}}
{\*\listoverridetable {\listoverride\listid1644491719\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1159118405\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid814576762\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid2389283836\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid2168432993\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid3508739198\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid2169115751\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid891016634\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
{\*\generator Adobe Acrobat Exchange-Pro 8.0}{\info{\title Microsoft Word - CD0801.doc}{\author Graphics 3}{\creatim\yr2000\mo3\dy22\hr22\min5\sec1}{\revtim\yr2000\mo3\dy22\hr22\min5\sec2}{\id1634248}}\pard\plain\ql\f0\fs24\cf0 \paperh15840\paperw12240\margt2009
\margr2742\margl1655\pard\absw6300\phpg\posx3470\pvpg\posy2070\li0\b\fs36 The Alexander Hiam & Associates \b0\ulnone\strike0\pghsxn16340\pgwsxn12240\margtsxn2009\margrsxn2742\marglsxn1655\pard \'20\par\par\pard\s1\absw5310\phpg\posx4099\pvpg\posy2452\li0\b\fs55 
Marketing Audit \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw7039\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3289\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 This tool enables you to quickly review many aspects of your sales and marketing efforts in order to identify areas most worthy of investment or improvement. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7183\phpg\posx2088\pvpg\posy4249\ls1\ilvl0\li0\fs23 It can be used for trouble-shooting, to identify causes of poo\fs23 r \fs23 performance and help define appropriate corrections\fs23 . \par\li0\fs23 It can also be used as the initial step in a planning process, to identify both broad and specific areas in need of effort in the coming planning period. 
\par\pard\par\pard\s3\s1\absw7418\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6049\sl240\slmult0\fs23 Marketing audits, unlike accounting audits, are best performed by those who work within the organization and know it best. An executive or manager, a marketing or sales manager, or their staff are ideal people to perform an audit because they are the ones who can most benefit from the insights it produces! 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw2073\phpg\posx4886\pvpg\posy7518\qc\sl240\slmult0\b\fs23\f0 Instructions \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s2\absw7313\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7998\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Please review each item and circle \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1 
 or \b\fs23\f0 no\b0\fs23\f1 , and then review your answers to identify areas for possible improvement of your marketing programs. \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw7172\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8718\ri0\sl240\slmult0\fs23 A formal scoring method is also available. To use it, fill in the Section Summary line at the end of each section. Then see Scoring Form at end of the audit for help in interpreting and plotting your scores. 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw7304\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10042\b\fs40\f0 Activity Area: Customer Acquisition \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw8014\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\par\pard \absw7272\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10666\fs23\f1 1\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 
yes no Do you have sufficient exposure to enough customers (through salespeople, store distribution, catalogs, ads, or other channels) to reasonably achieve your sales goals? \par\par\pard \absw7412\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11626\fs23 2\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 
yes no Do you have sufficient communications with your market to make sure that prospective customers learn about your offerings? \par\par\pard \absw6932\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12586\fs23 3\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have marketing programs designed to recruit customers from the competition? 
\par\par\pard \absw7165\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13306\fs23 4\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you offer incentives to encourage new customers to switch to you? \par\par\pard\s5\absw8242\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy14026\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 5. \li0\fs23 
yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do you actively generate positive publicity in your market \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s6\s2\pagebb\absw566\phpg\posx3600\pvpg\posy1412\fi0\li542\fs23 area? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7032\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1892\fs23 6\fs23 . \tab 
\li0\fs23 yes no Do you communicate a positive image to your market through multiple channels of communication? \par\par\pard \absw7012\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2612\fs23 7\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your front-line telephone and/or field service personnel have sufficient training to identify and help recruit new customers? 
\par\par\pard \absw7385\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3572\fs23 8\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you stimulate positive word of mouth and referrals by providing superior service and generating loyalty? \par\par\pard \absw7159\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4292\fs23 9\fs23 
. \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you support anyone who is in a position to help sell your product or service with sufficient training, information and materials? \par\par\pard \absw7161\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5252\fs23 10\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you support anyone who is in a position to help sell your product or service with a competitive level of compensation and incentives? 
\par\par\pard \absw7271\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6212\fs23 11\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you support anyone who is in a position to help sell your product or service with clear, informative feedback about how their performance affects sales? \par\par\pard \absw7159\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7172\fs23 
12\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you support anyone who is in a position to help sell your product or service with clear feedback about how their performance affects customer satisfaction and retention? \par\par\pard \absw6891\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8372\fs23 
13\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have well-developed, effective strategies for making a sale? \par\par\pard \absw7338\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9092\fs23 14\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have a clear idea of how people representing you or your offerings behave in front of customers? 
\par\par\pard \absw7318\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9812\fs23 15\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have enough salespeople to reach and serve your target markets? \par\par\pard \absw6539\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10532\fs23 16\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you make full use all appropriate channels of distribution (including the World Wide Web)? 
\par\par\pard \absw7052\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11252\fs23 17\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an active process for testing and refining your methods of acquiring and retaining customers? \par\pard\par\pard\s2\absw6368\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12382\b\fs31\f0 
Section summary: Customer acquisition \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s4\absw3698\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12932\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Number of \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1  answers: ____ \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\absw7503\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13747\b\fs40\f0 
Activity Area: Information Gathering \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \pagebb \par\pard \absw7451\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\par\pard \absw6359\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\fs23\f1 1. \li0\fs23 yes no Do you monitor competitive pricing routinely? \par\par\pard \absw6826\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1892\fs23 
2\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Are you familiar with the sales methods of your top competitors? \par\par\pard \absw7132\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2612\fs23 3\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you know about and track any hot new competitors who are gaining share because of new technologies, products, distribution channels or techniques? 
\par\par\pard \absw6686\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3572\fs23 4\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you monitor the marketing communications of competitors? \par\par\pard \absw6586\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4292\fs23 5\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you look for innovative marketing ideas from competitors or other organizations? 
\par\par\pard \absw7046\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5012\fs23 6\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you study competitors\rquote  customers to find out what they like and dislike about you and the competitors? \par\par\pard \absw7219\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5732\fs23 
7\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you study your own customers to find out what they like and dislike about you and the competitors? \par\par\pard \absw7118\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6452\fs23 8\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you study customers in general to find out what features they value in selecting an electricity provider? 
\par\par\pard \absw6645\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7172\fs23 9\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you measure and track the satisfaction of your customers? \par\par\pard \absw7352\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7892\fs23 10\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you study customer complaints and defections to find out what went wrong? 
\par\par\pard \absw6913\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8612\fs23 11\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you analyze the market to anticipate and forecast future demand? \par\par\pard \absw7239\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9332\fs23 12\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you find many informal ways to talk with customers about their feelings and impressions of your company? 
\par\par\pard \absw6825\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10052\fs23 13\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you gather and analyze feedback from customer contacts made by your front-line employees? \par\par\pard \absw7451\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10772\fs23 14\fs23 . \tab 
\li0\fs23 yes no Do you have a marketing database (a database of customers that includes such details as usage, preferences, complaints, inquiries, receipt of/responses to marketing communications, and customer demographic data)? \par\par\pard \absw6572\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11972\fs23 
15\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you check with customers before making any decisions that might affect them? \par\par\pard \absw7285\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12692\fs23 16\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an active process for testing and refining your methods of gathering and interpreting information? 
\par\pard\par\pard\s7\absw6429\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13822\qc\b\fs31\f0 Section summary: Information gatherin\b0\b\fs31 g \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\pagebb\absw3698\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\fs23\f1 Number of \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1  answers: ____ 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s7\s2\absw6917\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2227\qc\b\fs40\f0 Activity Area: Marketing Plannin\b0\b\fs40 g \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7994\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7312\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2852\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 
1\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have marketing objectives for increasing sales to existing customers? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw6919\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3572\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 2\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have marketing objectives for obtaining new customers? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7085\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4292\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 3\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you routinely consider adding new product/service options for existing customers? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw6946\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5012\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
4\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you make plenty of opportunities for insight into future plans through planning and analysis? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw6886\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5732\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 5\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you make plenty of opportunities for insight into future plans through creativity? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7125\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6452\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 6\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have a clear positioning strategy and statement that drives all marketing communications? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7158\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7172\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
7\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have a clear idea of the personality you wish to project for your organization? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7138\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7892\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 8\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Have you identified specific target market segments -
\fs23 \-\fs23 subgroups with specific servable needs or preferences? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7202\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8612\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 9. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do you relate differently to different segments? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw6772\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9092\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 10\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have a clear conception of what makes you different from and better than competitors? (Your \ldblquote competitive advantage\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Unique Selling Proposition\rdblquote )? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7452\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10292\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 11\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do any of your people use competing products or services in order to stay in touch with competitive practices? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7052\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11012\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
12\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you perform a periodic marketing audit of all your operations? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7291\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11732\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 13\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have clear ideas and measures of how customers view the quality of your offerings? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7046\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12452\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 14\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have plans to improve the quality of products, services and processes? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\absw7372\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13172\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
15\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you incorporate information about the relative quality of your offerings into your sales forecasts? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\absw6725\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13892\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 16\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 
yes no Do you incorporate information about customer preferences and attitudes into your sales forecasts? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s2\pagebb\absw7205\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 17\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you incorporate information about the reach of your sales and marketing efforts into your sales forecasts? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s8\s4\absw7052\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2132\fi0\li542\qj\sl240\slmult0\fs23 18\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an active process for testing and refining your approach to marketing planning? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s4\absw5333\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3262\ri0\qj\sl480\slmult0\b\fs31\f0 
Section summary: Marketing planning \b0\fs23\f1 Number of \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1  answers: ____ \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw6474\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4627\qj\b\fs40\f0 Activity Area: Communications \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7887\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\par\pard \absw7207\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5252\fs23\f1 
1\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Are all communications with customers designed based on a clear marketing plan or set of objectives? \par\par\pard \absw6725\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5972\fs23 2. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Is your advertising integrated with sales activities? 
\par\par\pard \absw6239\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6452\fs23 3\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have measured objectives for all your communications? \par\par\pard \absw7161\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7172\fs23 4\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have a well-designed and appropriate company name and logo that enhances your image? 
\par\par\pard \absw6405\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7892\fs23 5\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Is your name and logo properly presented in all communications? \par\par\pard \absw7332\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8612\fs23 6\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an informative, interactive, interesting Web site for customers to visit? 
\par\par\pard \absw7452\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9332\fs23 7\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Have you linked your Web site to other Web sites to build traffic? \par\par\pard \absw7245\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10052\fs23 8\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you let people in your market know about your Web site on a regular basis? 
\par\par\pard \absw6652\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10772\fs23 9. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do you include an on-line store in your Web site? \par\par\pard \absw7319\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11252\fs23 10\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you provide current, useful information on your Web site? 
\par\par\pard \absw7259\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11972\fs23 11\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you change your Web site by introducing interesting new features on a regular basis? \par\par\pard \absw6992\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12692\fs23 12\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 
yes no Can customers contact you by e-mail or through your Web site and actually get a human response? \par\par\pard \absw7331\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13412\fs23 13\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Can customers research their questions and concerns and get useful, detailed information on your Web site? 
\par\par\pard\s6\absw8115\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy14132\fi0\li542\fs23 14. \li0\fs23 yes no Do your marketing communications explain who you are \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s6\s2\pagebb\absw4152\phpg\posx3600\pvpg\posy1412\fi0\li542\fs23 and what makes you different and special? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw6825\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1892\fs23 15. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do you have an on-going public relations program? \par\par\pard \absw7112\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2372\fs23 16\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Are you getting significant favorable publicity (unpaid editorial or news coverage)? 
\par\par\pard \absw7312\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3092\fs23 17\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you participate actively in community events, groups and causes? \par\par\pard \absw7299\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3812\fs23 18\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you inform your customers about community events, groups and causes through media such as a newsletter, Web site, public service announcements or spot advertising? 
\par\par\pard \absw7091\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5012\fs23 19\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you produce a newsletter (or electronic newsletter) that customers say is useful and interesting to them? \par\par\pard \absw6686\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5732\fs23 
20. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do your mailings actively build customer loyalty? \par\par\pard \absw5586\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6212\fs23 21. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Are collection communications polite? \par\par\pard \absw7285\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6692\fs23 
22\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you cross sell other products/services in your regular mailings? \par\par\pard \absw7358\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7412\fs23 23\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your regular mailings help surface customer concerns and/or complaints so they may be dealt with constructively? 
\par\par\pard \absw7218\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8372\fs23 24\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your mailings build, recognize and reward customer loyalty? \par\par\pard \absw6566\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9092\fs23 25. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do your mailings position your brand favorably? 
\par\par\pard \absw6512\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9572\fs23 26\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your mailings educate consumers about your offerings? \par\par\pard \absw7167\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10292\fs23 27\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your mailings give a human, personal touch to your products or services? 
\par\par\pard \absw7125\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11012\fs23 28\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your mailings project an appropriately professional image for your company? \par\par\pard \absw6919\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11732\fs23 29\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you use multiple advertising media effectively to reinforce positive customer attitudes? 
\par\par\pard \absw7151\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12452\fs23 30\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have a clear, effective communications plan to follow whenever there is a problem effecting groups of customers or the community? \par\par\pard \absw7292\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13412\fs23 
31\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Does this plan emphasize early, open and honest sharing of information with the public? \par\par\pard\s6\absw7789\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy14132\fi0\li542\fs23 32. \li0\fs23 yes no Do you make an effort to be at least as visible as your 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\pagebb\absw4979\phpg\posx3600\pvpg\posy1412\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 competitors through point-of-purchase promotions, location, or media promotions? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7365\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2132\fs23 33
\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you place advertisements in unique places--places where the ads are unlikely to be overshadowed by a large volume of competitive advertising? \par\par\pard \absw7426\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3092\fs23 34\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 
yes no Do you reinvest at least as big a portion of revenues into marketing communications as the leaders in your industry do? \par\par\pard \absw7231\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4052\fs23 35\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you know what reach and frequency your marketing communications achieve within your target markets? 
\par\par\pard \absw6725\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4772\fs23 36\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you know what you are spending on marketing communications to reach each individual (or organization) within your target market(s)? \par\par\pard \absw7292\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5732\fs23 
37\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an active process for testing and refining your methods of communicating to customers, prospects and the market in general? \par\pard\par\pard\s2\absw5778\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7102\b\fs31\f0 Section summary: Communications 
\b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s4\absw3698\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7652\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Number of \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1  answers: ____ \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw6595\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8467\b\fs40\f0 Activity Area: Customer Service \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7814\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\par\pard \absw7312\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9092\fs23\f1 
1\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Are your customer contact people trained to be customer oriented? \par\par\pard \absw6739\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9812\fs23 2\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your customer contact people identify unhappy customers and follow up to try to win them back? 
\par\par\pard \absw7319\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10532\fs23 3\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you track customers who complain and defect so that you can follow up with them later? \par\par\pard \absw6765\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11252\fs23 4\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 
yes no Do your people project a positive, professional and friendly image for your services? \par\par\pard \absw6732\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11972\fs23 5\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your facilities and equipment project a positive image? \par\par\pard \absw5965\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12692\fs23 
6. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do your vehicles project a positive image? \par\par\pard \absw7179\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13172\fs23 7\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your employees dress neatly and in a manner that is appropriate to the image or personality you wish your organization to have? 
\par\par\pard\s5\absw8042\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy14132\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 8. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do your drivers behave in a polite, courteous manner on \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s6\s9\pagebb\absw946\phpg\posx3600\pvpg\posy1412\fi0\li542\fs23 
the road? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw6512\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1892\fs23 9. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do your customers like your billing procedures? \par\par\pard \absw7112\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2372\fs23 10. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 
Do your customers see your service as highly reliable? \par\par\pard \absw7426\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2852\fs23 11\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your employees (and/or distributors pr resellers) make it easy and convenient for customers to do business with you? 
\par\par\pard \absw7239\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3812\fs23 12\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do your phone systems make it easy and convenient for customers to do business with you? \par\par\pard \absw7399\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4532\fs23 13. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 
o \tab \fs23 Do your people sound polite and happy on the telephone? \par\par\pard \absw7052\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5012\fs23 14\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an active process for testing and refining approaches to customer service? \par\pard\par\pard\s2\absw5822\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6142\b\fs31\f0 
Section summary: Customer service \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s4\absw3698\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6692\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Number of \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1  answers: ____ \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\absw6474\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7507\b\fs40\f0 Activity Area: Organization and
\b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s7\s2\absw3287\phpg\posx4392\pvpg\posy7747\qc\b\fs40 Management \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw8000\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\par\pard\s5\s2\absw7589\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8372\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 1. \li0\fs23 
yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do senior managers believe in marketing planning? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw6612\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8852\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 2\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Is a focus on sales and marketing ingrained in the business culture? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw7419\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9572\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 3\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Does marketing planning include participatory input from salespeople, service people and/or other front-line employees? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw7198\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10532\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
4\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you implement your marketing programs by measuring performance against a plan and adjusting for deviation from the plan? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw7246\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11492\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 5\fs23 
. \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Is there centralized oversight of all sales and marketing functions, including all communications with customers or prospects? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw7380\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12452\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 6\fs23 
. \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Is there frequent, open and honest communication among all who are active in developing and delivering products or services to customers? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\absw7439\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13412\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
7\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do salespeople, distributors, or others in customer contact positions have all the information and support they need to excel in their work? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\pagebb\absw7458\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy1412\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
8\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Are employees treated with sufficient respect that they are able to show respect to customers and prospects? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw7099\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2132\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 9\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 
yes no Do employees have a sufficiently positive work environment that they can easily project a positive, friendly attitude to customers and others outside of the business? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw6912\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy3332\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 
10\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do employees feel highly motivated to do better and better work? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s2\absw8089\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4052\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 11. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do employees find their work fulfilling and meaningful? 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s5\s10\absw7052\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4532\fi0\li542\sl240\slmult0\fs23 12\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an active process for testing and refining your approach to organization and management? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw7714\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy5662\b\fs31\f0 
Section summary: Organization and Management \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\s4\absw3698\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy6212\sl240\slmult0\fs23\f1 Number of \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1  answers: ____ \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s2\absw5300\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7027\b\fs40\f0 
Activity Area: Creativity \b0\ulnone\strike0\par\pard \absw7458\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7652\par\pard \absw7278\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy7652\fs23\f1 1. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do you take a creative approach to marketing and sales? \par\par\pard \absw7054\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8132\fs23 
2\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you invest in creative thinking about how to better acquire and service customers? \par\par\pard \absw7399\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy8852\fs23 3\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you invest in creative thinking about what products or services to offer? 
\par\par\pard \absw7146\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy9572\fs23 4\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you invest in creative thinking about the image you project to customers and the marketplace in general? \par\par\pard \absw7292\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy10292\fs23 5
\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you invest in creative thinking about how you distribute your offerings, including consideration of new distribution channels? \par\par\pard \absw6812\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11252\fs23 6. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 
Do you solicit creative input from your employees? \par\par\pard \absw7432\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy11732\fs23 7. \li0\fs23 yes n\fs23 o \tab \fs23 Do you solicit creative input from your business partners? \par\par\pard \absw7065\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12212\fs23 
8\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you solicit creative input from people representing your target market(s)? \par\par\pard \absw7458\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy12932\fs23 9\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you and your people have sufficient access to creativity training and facilitation to be more creative than competitors? 
\par\par\pard \absw7052\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy13892\fs23 10\fs23 . \tab \li0\fs23 yes no Do you have an active process for testing and refining your methods for generating creative marketing ideas, \par\pard\par\pard\s4\pagebb\absw3135\phpg\posx3600\pvpg\posy1412\li0\fs23 
materials and practices? \ulnone\strike0\par\pard\absw6838\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy2302\sl480\slmult0\b\fs31\f0 Section summary: Creativity \b0\fs23\f1 Number of \b\fs23\f0 yes\b0\fs23\f1  answers: ____ \fs19 The Marketing Audit Copyright \'A9 1999 by Alexander Hiam & Associates Contributed to The Marketing Kit for Dummies for use by buyers of the book. Not for 
\ulnone\strike0\par\pard\s3\absw7001\phpg\posx1800\pvpg\posy4091\sl240\slmult0\fs19 resale. To use The Marketing Audit in consulting or training or other client work, please contact the copyright holder at 413-253-3658 or hiam@javanet.com for permission. 
\ulnone\strike0 }