{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02040502050405020303}Georgia;}{\f21\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Helvetica;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02040502050405020303}Georgia;}{\f21\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0a04020102020204}Arial Black;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li720\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb480\sa240\sl360\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f20\fs48\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li720\sb280\sa200\sl-360\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f20\fs36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li720\sb240\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li720\sb200\sa100\sl-220\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\f20\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\sb240\sa60\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \f1\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Bullet;}{\s16\fi-2160\li2160\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1944\tx2160\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext16 Bullet 2;}{\s17\fi-2160\li2160\sa400\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1944\tx2160\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon16 \snext0 Bullet 2 Last;}{\s18\fi-720\li1440\sa400\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext0 Bullet Last;}{\s19\sb120\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp120 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp120 \adjustright \f1\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 caption;}{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\ul\cgrid \snext0 Chap #;}{\s21\qc\sl-560\slmult0\widctlpar\adjustright \f21\fs48\lang1024\cgrid \snext0 Chap Title;}{\s22\fi-720\li1440\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \snext22 Code;}{\s23\fi-720\li1440\sa400\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon22 \snext0 Code Last;}{\s24\fi-720\li1800\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon22 \snext24 Code-Indent;}{\s25\fi-720\li1800\sa400\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon24 \snext0 Code-Indent Last;}{\s26\li720\sb280\sa200\sl-360\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f20\fs36\cgrid \sbasedon2 \snext0 In This Part;}{\s27\sb360\sa240\sl-280\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrdot\brdrw45\brsp240\brdrcf15 \adjustright \b\i\lang1024\cgrid \snext0 Intro Head;}{\s28\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdot\brdrw45\brsp240\brdrcf15 \tx360\adjustright \fs22\lang1024\cgrid \sbasedon29 \snext0 Intro Last;}{\s29\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\adjustright \fs22\lang1024\cgrid \snext29 Intro Text;}{\s30\li720\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 M1;}{\s31\li720\sa240\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon30 \snext31 M2;}{\s32\fi-2160\li2160\sa400\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1944\tx2160\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon35 \snext0 Num 2 Last;}{\s33\fi-720\li1440\sa400\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon34 \snext0 Num Last;}{\s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext34 Num List;}{\s35\fi-2160\li2160\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1944\tx2160\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon34 \snext35 Num List 2;}{\s36\qc\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\ul\cgrid \sbasedon20 \snext0 Part #;}{\s37\qc\sl-560\slmult0\widctlpar\adjustright \f21\fs48\lang1024\cgrid \sbasedon21 \snext26 Part Title;}{\s38\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf2\cgrid \snext38 Production;}{\s39\sa240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf6\cgrid \sbasedon38 \snext39 Query;}{\s40\sa120\sl-220\slmult0\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs22\lang1024\cgrid \snext40 SB Body;}{\s41\sa120\sl-220\slmult0\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs22\lang1024\cgrid \sbasedon40 \snext41 SB Code;}{\s42\qc\sb120\sa240\sl-320\slmult0\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\lang1024\cgrid \snext40 SB Head;}{\s43\fi-432\li432\sa120\sl-220\slmult0\widctlpar\tx216\tx432\adjustright \f1\fs22\lang1024\cgrid \sbasedon40 \snext43 SB Indent;}{\s44\fi-1440\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx900\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon34 \snext44 Step body;}{\s45\qc\li720\sb240\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f5\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Step Head;}{\s46\sb360\sa240\sl-280\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrdot\brdrw45\brsp240\brdrcf15 \adjustright \b\i\lang1024\cgrid \sbasedon27 \snext46 Sum Head;}{\s47\fi-864\li864\ri864\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\keep\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Sum Last;}{\s48\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360\adjustright \fs22\lang1024\cgrid \sbasedon29 \snext48 Sum Text;}{\s49\li1080\ri360\sa120\sl-220\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs22\cgrid \snext49 TB Body;}{\s50\li1080\ri360\sb20\sa120\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp80 \adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid \snext49 TB Col Head;}{\s51\li720\sb360\sa80\sl-280\slmult0\nowidctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw45\brsp120 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw45\brsp120 \tqc\tx5400\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\cgrid \snext50 TB Head;}{\s52\li1080\ri360\sa480\sl-220\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp80 \adjustright \f1\fs22\lang1024\cgrid \snext0 TB Last;}{\s53\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1224\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon34 \snext53 Unnumbered;}{\s54\li720\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\pnrnot1\adjustright \fs20\lang1024\cgrid \snext0 Figure;}{\s55\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cf11\cgrid \sbasedon38 \snext0 Figure callout or directive;}{\s56\sa240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cf5\cgrid \sbasedon39 \snext56 Editor Query;}{\s57\li1440\sa400\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1224\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon53 \snext0 Unnumbered-Last;}{\s58\li720\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 footer;}{\s59\li720\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 header;}{\s60\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cf12\cgrid \sbasedon38 \snext0 Margin Art Directive;}{\*\cs61 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s62\sa80\sl-160\slmult0\widctlpar\adjustright \i\fs16\lang1024\cgrid \snext0 Photo Credit;}{\s63\li1440\ri720\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 Quote;}{\s64\qr\li1440\ri720\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cgrid \sbasedon63 \snext0 Quote Credit;}}{\info{\title Seven questions to ask when reviewing a survey}{\author Tim Gallan}{\operator Tim Gallan}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy17\hr14\min17}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy17\hr14\min17}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1342}{\nofchars7651}{\*\company IDG Books}{\nofcharsws9395}{\vern99}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s2\li720\sb280\sa200\sl-360\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\f20\fs36\cgrid {Seven questions to ask when reviewing a survey\par }\pard\plain \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid {\tab }{\b 1.\tab Is the survey }{\b\i appealing }{\b to respondents?\par }{\tab \tab The survey should be interesting or rewarding for them to do. A good topic, well-written instructions, easy, quick questions, and perhaps the inclusion of a sales promotion (coupon, entry form for a contest, and so on) can make the respondents\rquote  experience more pleasurable \emdash  and ensure a reasonably high response rate. Too many surveys are confusing and lengthy. Cull everything but the vital questions and make those questions easy and interesting! (And make sure that your }{\i list }{\emdash  the people you contact and ask to participate in the survey \emdash  is good; prequalify respondents if possible. No survey is appealing to the wrong respondent.)\par \tab }{\b 2.\tab Do any questions }{\b\i combine }{\b more than one concept?\par }{\tab \tab If so, break them apart. For example, I recommend breaking the following question from an employee survey by a garden and gift store into multiple separate items: \ldblquote How do you rank the variety of our plant and gift selections?\tab 1 2 3 4 (1 = meager, 4 = complete).\rdblquote  The simplest fix is just to offer two questions, one for plants and one for gifts. An even better way to handle it, because a number of major plant categories exist, is to break the question out like this:\par }{\b \tab \tab How do you rank the variety of our plant selections?\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft1440 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx4140\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx4860\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx5580\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx6300\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx7020\pard \s34\sb60\sa180\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {Herbs\cell 1\cell 2\cell 3\cell 4\cell }\pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft1440 \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx4140\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx4860\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx5580\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx6300\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx7020\pard\plain \s34\sb60\sa180\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {Annuals\cell 1\cell 2\cell 3\cell 4\cell }\pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\row }\pard\plain \s34\sb60\sa180\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {Hanging Baskets\cell 1\cell 2\cell 3\cell 4\cell }\pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\row }\pard\plain \s34\sb60\sa180\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {Perennials\cell 1\cell 2\cell 3\cell 4\cell }\pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\row }\pard\plain \s34\sb60\sa180\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {Bulbs\cell 1\cell 2\cell 3\cell 4\cell }\pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\row }\pard\plain \s34\sb60\sa180\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {Christmas Trees\cell 1\cell 2\cell 3\cell 4\cell }\pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft1440\trkeep \clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx3870\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx5220\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx6210\clvertalt\cltxlrtb \cellx8768\pard\plain \s34\sb60\sa180\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\cell meager\cell \cell excellent\cell }\pard\plain \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright \cgrid {\row }\pard\plain \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid {\par \tab \tab In fact, Annie\rquote s Garden & Gift Store in Amherst, Massachusetts used this very question in a customer survey, and the results helped store management decide which product lines they needed to extend. A more general form of the question would not have given them the specific feedback needed to make their next year\rquote s buying decisions.\par }{\b \tab 3.\tab Do scales permit a }{\b\i full range}{\b  of answers?\par }{\tab \tab Sometimes the author\rquote s assumptions limit the respondent\rquote s options. Expand the possibilities and also use \ldblquote Other: ______________\rdblquote  whenever possible.\par \tab \tab If you are using numerical scales, such as the 1 to 4 scale in Question 2, ask yourself what the pros and cons of a longer or shorter scale would be. For example, would a 5-point scale have any advantages over the \line 4-point scale? One obvious difference is that the 5-point scale permits respondents to give a neutral answer. This difference is important when you have an agree/disagree scale, as some people will want to fence-sit. Although }{\i you }{may not want neutral answers, you may want to permit them if respondents are determined to give them.\par }\pard \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl200\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright {\fs16 \tab \tab }{By the way, survey research firms generally use a 5-point or 7-point scale, and I recommend you do the same unless you have a good reason not to. More choices don\rquote t really slow down respondents. Once they understand a scale, they can use it pretty quickly \emdash  as long as the scale doesn\rquote t change from question to question! And the longer 1 to 7 scale should give you a finer measure of respondent opinions, because it breaks out the range into more categories.\par }\pard \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright {\tab }{\b 4.\tab Are any questions }{\b\i leading}{\b  or }{\b\i misleading}{\b ?\par }{\tab \tab Check that questions are as clear and neutral as possible in their wording.\par \tab \tab For example, the question \ldblquote Do you agree that our customer service is excellent? Yes__No__\rdblquote  isn\rquote t worth the ink needed to print it. First, the question is biased toward positive answers because of its use of the words \ldblquote agree\rdblquote  and \ldblquote excellent\rdblquote  within the question itself. (People tend to tell you what you ask them to tell you in questionnaires, so make sure that you don\rquote t give them obvious hints!) Second, respondents may be confused about where to put their check marks. Is a \ldblquote No\rdblquote  answer indicated with a check before or after the No? Here is a rewrite of the question that solves these two problems:\par }\pard\plain \li1440\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {\b Please evaluate customer service:\par }{Terrible\tab \tab \tab \tab Excellent\par 1\tab 2\tab 3\tab 4 \tab 5 \tab 6 \tab 7\par }\pard\plain \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid {\tab \tab (Also see the section on measuring customer service at the end of this chapter.)\par }{\b \tab 5.\tab Are any questions }{\b\i irrelevant }{\b to your actions?\par }{\tab \tab Cut questions unless they help improve an important decision or process.\par \tab \tab Most questionnaires are at least 75 percent waste questions. Really! Here\rquote s how I know. Actions do not result from most of the questions after managers examine the results. And if the result doesn\rquote t produce action, then the question was an obvious waste of everybody\rquote s time. For example, Annie\rquote s Garden and Gift store has no need to ask the following questions on its questionnaire:\par }\pard\plain \s35\fi-2160\li2160\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx1944\tx2160\adjustright \cgrid {\b \tab 1.\tab Are you: }{ __male __female\par }{\b \tab 2.\tab Do you visit Annie\rquote s\par }{\tab \tab __ on your own\par \tab \tab __ with a partner\par \tab \tab __ with children\par \tab \tab __ with friends\par }{\b \tab 3.\tab Would you come back to Annie\rquote s to shop again? }{__yes __no}{\b \par }\pard \s35\fi-2160\li2160\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1944\tx2160\adjustright {\bullet \tab \tab The first question is probably included for the sake of tradition. Don\rquote t all surveys gather demographic data on respondents? But the tradition comes from large-scale, random-sample surveys in which researchers expect that men and women, or people of different ages, or companies in different industries, will give significantly different answers. Researchers use such questions when they anticipate a need to segment their respondents and analyze each group separately. They will cross-tabulate all the other questions by these demographic variables and look for statistically significant differences. And then they will customize marketing to each segment.\par \tab \tab But Annie\rquote s \emdash  and, in all likelihood, you \emdash  won\rquote t. Small sample sizes and informal sampling methods (like handing out a survey at the counter) make that sort of statistical analysis impossible \emdash  even if the results would mean anything, which I doubt they would.\par \tab \tab The third question seems much more useful. After all, return business is very important, so why not ask customers if they intend to come back to the store? But this particular survey\rquote s instructions say \ldblquote Complete and return by the end of the month and get $5 off your next purchase of $20 or more!\rdblquote  Therefore, we can assume many respondents will take this survey home in their shopping bags and return the survey only if they, too, return. Most \ldblquote no\rdblquote  answers will never make it back to the store to be analyzed.\par }\pard\plain \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid {\b \tab 6. \tab Are any questions better determined through observation?\par }{\tab \tab The other category of unnecessary questions asks questions whose answers you do need \emdash  but could more easily obtain through \line observation.\par \tab \tab Assume for a moment that Annie\rquote s }{\i does }{have an important need for data on the gender of its customers, with whom they shop, and whether and how often they return. All of this information is easier to obtain through simple observation of who comes into the store (and in what groups), and through use of secondary sources such as the store\rquote s credit card records. An employee can fill in an observation form to record information about the people who come into the store. And an evening with the old credit card records can tell you what percentage of customers who paid by credit card were repeat customers in a given period, and how often they returned. Of course, this source leaves out all check and cash customers, so you may want to start collecting customer names at the register. Many stores do already, either through a computerized cash register system or through a sign-up to receive a newsletter or the like.\par }\pard \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl200\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright {\fs16 \tab \tab }{An observer can measure another important aspect of customer behavior better than a survey can: How many customers come into the store, look around, but don\rquote t find what they want? Every retail store has some of these \emdash  and they are often the biggest percentage of shoppers. A survey given out at the register misses these consumers. If the survey was given out at the door, most would still be missed because dissatisfied customers rarely volunteer to fill in surveys. Yet observation can tell you a great deal about these lost customers at low cost. An employee can count them in a random selection of fifteen-minute periods, allowing you to estimate the number of them per day or week. (To learn more, you could also have an employee intercept some of them and ask them what they were looking for and why they are leaving.)\par }{\fs16 \tab }{\tab I strongly recommend collecting observational data on both the }{\i rate of repeat business}{ and the }{\i number of lost customers}{. Both statistics are manageable, meaning that once you measure them regularly you can experiment with changes and then see if the measures move in a favorable direction. And both are typically best measured through observations rather than questionnaires.\par }\pard \s34\fi-720\li1440\sa200\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright {\b \tab 7.\tab Does your questionnaire allow respondents to }{\b\i tell you something you don\rquote t know}{\b ?\par }{\tab \tab This question, the last of my recommended ones, is the most subtle. Many questionnaires are well constructed and get useful information \emdash  yet fail to reveal a critical fact, because the author didn\rquote t know to ask about it.\par }\pard\plain \s33\fi-720\li1440\sa400\sl-260\slmult0\widctlpar\tqr\tx1224\tx1440\adjustright \cgrid {\tab \tab For example, what if customers like to visit Annie\rquote s Gift Store during their lunch hours and wish they could bring or buy a sandwich and eat it in the garden during good weather? Annie\rquote s included a number of open-ended questions and a blank page to give respondents a chance to tell them something like that. My favorite of the open-ended questions in their survey is \ldblquote If you had a garden store, what would you do differently?\rdblquote  This question is designed to get the respondent\rquote s imagination going and is likely to generate the sort of creative suggestions that more structured questions cannot.\par }\pard\plain \li720\sa240\sl-260\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {\par }{\fs16 Reprinted from }{\i\fs16 Marketing For Dummies.}{\fs16 \par }}