{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f12\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}New York;}{\f63\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Palatino;}{\f76\fswiss\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Univers (W1){\*\falt Arial};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f12\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}New York;}{\f63\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Palatino;}{\f76\fswiss\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Univers (W1){\*\falt Arial};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f76\fs36\ul\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f76\fs32\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb360\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f76\fs28\ul\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\sb320\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\i\f76\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\ri1224\sb240\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \f1\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Bullet;}{\s16\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs36\cgrid \snext25 Chap #;}{\s17\qc\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f12\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 caption;}{\s18\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext18 Unnumbered;}{\s19\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 Num List;}{\s20\fi-1080\li1200\sa80\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \snext20 Code;}{\s21\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf2\cgrid \snext21 Production;}{\s22\ri1440\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \snext22 TB Body;}{\s23\fi-720\li720\ri1440\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\cgrid \snext24 TB Head;}{\s24\ri1440\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\cgrid \snext22 TB Col Head;}{\s25\sb240\sa240\sl-560\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs56\cgrid \sbasedon16 \snext26 Chap Title;}{\s26\sb320\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f76\cgrid \sbasedon4 \snext27 Intro Head;}{\s27\fi-864\li864\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext27 Intro Text;}{\s28\qc\sb320\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\cgrid \sbasedon4 \snext29 SB Head;}{\s29\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f76\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 SB Body;}{\s30\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 M1;}{\s31\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon30 \snext31 M2;}{\s32\fi-864\li864\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon27 \snext0 Intro Last;}{\s33\fi-1080\li1200\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon20 \snext0 Code Last;}{\s34\ri1440\sa480\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon22 \snext0 TB Last;}{\s35\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext35 Num List 2;}{\s36\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext0 Num Last;}{\s37\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext37 Bullet 2;}{\s38\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext0 Bullet Last;}{\s39\sa240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf6\cgrid \sbasedon21 \snext39 Query;}{\s40\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon37 \snext0 Bullet 2 Last;}{\s41\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon35 \snext0 Num 2 Last;}{\s42\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon29 \snext42 SB Code;}{\s43\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon36 \snext43 Unnumbered-Last;}{\s44\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx288\adjustright \f76\cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext44 SB Indent;}{\s45\fi-1080\li1956\sa80\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon20 \snext45 Code-Indent;}{\s46\fi-1080\li1958\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f2\cgrid \sbasedon45 \snext0 Code-Indent Last;}{\s47\ri1440\sb480\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f76\fs32\cgrid \sbasedon2 \snext0 In This Part;}{\s48\sb240\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs36\cgrid \sbasedon16 \snext49 Part #;}{\s49\sb240\sa240\sl-560\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs56\cgrid \sbasedon25 \snext47 Part Title;}{\s50\sa240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf5\cgrid \sbasedon39 \snext50 Editor Query;}{\s51\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon15 \snext51 Indent;}{\s52\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf11\cgrid \sbasedon21 \snext0 Figure callout or directive;}{\s53\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon37 \snext53 Indent 2;}{\s54\fi-1296\li1296\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon40 \snext0 Indent 2 Last;}{\s55\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon38 \snext0 Indent Last;}{\s56\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 footer;}{\s57\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cf12\cgrid \sbasedon21 \snext0 Margin Art Directive;}{\s58\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs16\cgrid \sbasedon17 \snext0 Photo Credit;}{\*\cs59 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s60\fi720\ri1224\sa240\sl480\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f12\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext60 Body Text 2;}{\s61\li720\ri1224\sa240\sl480\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\f12\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 Body Text Indent 2;}{\s62\li720\ri1224\sa240\sl480\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f12\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 Body Text Indent 3;}{\s63\ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 header;}}{\info{\title [for CD]}{\author Colleen Totz}{\operator Tim Gallan}{\creatim\yr2000\mo4\dy4\hr13\min33}{\revtim\yr2000\mo4\dy17\hr14\min8}{\printim\yr2000\mo3\dy15\hr10\min1}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1438}{\nofchars8197}{\*\company IDG BOOKS WORLDWIDE, INC.}{\nofcharsws10066}{\vern99}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\fracwidth\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\footer \pard\plain \s56\ri360\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \cgrid {\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s25\sb240\sa240\sl-560\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs56\cgrid {Make the Connection: Principles and Scripts for Successful Telemarketing\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {The following advice and sales scripts come from Joseph Arak of Professional Marketing Associates (PMA), headquartered in Amherst, Mass. PMA is a full-service agency that handles direct marketing programs and other marketing initiatives for clients, and has for many years designed and implemented telemarketing programs. Because some of PMA\rquote s clients are in the property and casualty insurance industry, PMA has also developed a variety of high-level sales workshops and trainings. This contribution comes from their work in that area.\par Successful telemarketing is essentially effective communication. And the level at which most of us communicate leaves a great deal of room for improvement. Today, you can find a plethora of seminars, training courses, books and articles to help people understand each other and get along better. You only have to turn on the radio or TV to find the oxymoron in }{\i communications media}{. Spokespersons for politicians interpret the wishes of the people. Then pundits analyze the comments of the spokespeople and critics reinterpret the remarks of the pundits. Then the next caller argues with the first\u8230\'c9 And on and on\u8230\'c9\par Reclaiming social intercourse from the spin doctors and talkmeisters challenges us to respect the other\rquote s point of view. To influence others, we must first connect with where they\rquote re already at. Consultative- or client-focused teleprospecting begins by establishing rapport so people trust the situation, listen to what you say, and share information about themselves. But how do you create that rapport on a telemarketing call @md with a person who\rquote s disinterested, preoccupied, and maybe even antagonistic? The way to do this is by }{\i being keenly aware of and responsive to their state of mind}{ so you create a feeling of psychological harmony. People will give you positive answers if you start by responding positively to them\par Creating this common ground of understanding can be challenging but it\rquote s the gateway to a wealth of valuable results. Striking the right chord takes alertness, effort, and confidence. Here then are four slogans to help you tune-in to your prospect and get the firm footing on the path to responsive and productive calls.\par }\pard\plain \s1\ri1440\sb480\sa240\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f76\fs36\ul\cgrid {\page }{\ulnone Ride the Horse in the Direction It\rquote s Already Going\par }\pard\plain \s15\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\tab *\tab Listen actively\par }\pard \s15\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright {\tab *\tab Acknowledge what the person says\par }\pard\plain \s38\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\tab *\tab Give the person\rquote s feelings a name\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {This works a lot like Jujitsu. Rather than trying to overcome suspects\rquote  objections, you use their own momentum to achieve your purpose. You allow them plenty of room to express their feelings and tame their negativity by going along with it. Instead of fencing them in, you open the gate to real communication. Sometimes the results are amazing. Check this out:\par }{\b Prospect: }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 I don}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 t really think I}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 m interested in an insurance review from your agency.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 Last year we had an agent come in to quote and it took much too\hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0  much of my time.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 It was a big hassle and they couldn}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 t do anything for us anyway}{.}{\hich\af63 \par }{\b Salesperson: }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 I understand how}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 you feel.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 It sounds like it was a real disruption.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 With a relatively small company like yours that}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 s hard to deal with.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 I}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 m sure your time is v\hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 ery precious to}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 you.\par }{\b Prospect: }{You\rquote re darn right. It\rquote s not something we can afford to waste time with every year.\par }{\b Salesperson: }{I hear you. I\rquote ll bet it was frustrating and disappointing too, going to the trouble of getting an insurance review and then not finding any savings or improvement.\par }{\b Prospect: }{It }{\ul was}{ disappointing. But I\rquote m not sure those agents really knew enough about our business. These days we need to do whatever we can to keep our costs down. I don\rquote t want to ignore possibilities. I only can afford to talk to agents that know this business and have the right kind of programs.\par }{\b Salesperson: }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 I can assure you of this, Russ, we understand your kind of firm and have been able to make some real improvements in similar businesses.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 Not every agent has access\hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0  to the same companies or the expertise to do the best job for every kind of business.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 We don}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 t want to waste our time or yours, but we think we have a good shot at improving your insurance situation.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 We}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 d be happy to work with you on this.\par }{\b Prospect: }{Well, let\rquote s get together then. When can you come in?\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f76\fs32\cgrid {\page People Would Rather Talk About Their Garden Than Hear About Your Seeds\par }\pard\plain \s15\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\tab *\tab Ask questions to involve and engage\par \tab *\tab Focus on the prospect\rquote s concern @md not what }{\i you}{ think\par }\pard\plain \s38\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\b \tab *\tab }{Show that you understand what\rquote s important to them\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {The main idea is to listen and learn rather than jump in with a tell and sell approach. If you let them, people }{\i do}{ like to talk about their business and tell you about their concerns. By prompting prospects with simple queries, you get them personally involved in the conversation and uncover the issues that are most important. Not every prospect has the same motivations: Some care primarily about saving money, and others are concerned about specific kinds of coverage, and so on. Here\rquote s a sample script:\par }{\b Salesperson: }{\u8230\'c9 I expect you might be used to getting calls from insurance agents in this competitive marketplace. I\rquote d just like to ask, do you have any particular concerns about your insurance?\par }{\b Prospect: }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 You}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 re right.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 We get calls all the time fr\hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 om agencies certain they have the lowest rates in the county who just want to save us money.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 But price is not the only thing that matters.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 We}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 ve been with the Blandings Agency since we moved to this location in 1987.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 We went with them because }{at }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 that time \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 our old agency couldn}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 t get us the coverage needed.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 We operate a fleet of school buses for the town and we needed special insurance for that.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 The Blandings people got us what we needed.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 I haven}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 t bothered looking at any other quotes since.\par }{\b Salesperson: }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 I t\hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 hink you}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 re right, Paul.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 Having an agent who understands your business and your specific insurance needs is very important.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 Our agency makes it a point not to approach a business unless we first have some solid experience insuring that industry and know we}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 re competitive.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 We spend a lot of time servicing and reviewing our current clients}{\hich\af63 \rquote }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0  coverage to make sure the insurance is up-to-date as their businesses grow.}{ }{\hich\af63 \hich\af63\dbch\af0\loch\f0 Your company has specific needs that we can provide solutions for at very competitive rates.\par }{\b Prospect: }{You seem to understand that we don\rquote t want agents coming in here and quoting unless they have the right companies to get us what we need and know how to put together the coverage. If you think you guys can do this for us, I\rquote d be willing to consider a proposal.\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f76\fs32\cgrid {Before You Operate on the Patient, Find Out Where It Hurts\par }\pard\plain \s15\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\b \tab *\tab }{Probe for specific kinds of dissatisfaction\par \tab *\tab Zero-in on the implications of the dissatisfaction\par }\pard\plain \s38\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\tab *\tab Get the prospect to acknowledge the importance of the dissatisfaction\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Naturally no one wants to undergo an operation unless they feel it\rquote s absolutely necessary. When it comes to changing insurance agents, prospects must feel enough concern about their present situation to warrant the hassle of looking at other options. As an insurance doctor, you want to get your patient in touch with his pain so that he\rquote s willing to let you treat him. Before you can get to demonstrate your ability to solve problems, you\rquote ve got to first find out what those problems are. The more dissatisfaction the prospect feels, the more likely he\rquote ll let you operate.\par }{\b Prospect: }{We\rquote re reasonably happy with our current insurance situation\u8230\'c9\par }{\b Salesperson: }{What about Comp, has that been a problem?\par }{\b Prospect: }{Well, we were unpleasantly surprised last year when we discovered that our comp rating had been incorrect and we were paying too much but the agents got it changed.\par }\pard\plain \s22\ri1440\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {\b Salesperson: }{You were incorrectly rated? You mean your agent didn\rquote t bother to review that carefully for you?\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {\b Prospect: }{I guess he never noticed. It hadn\rquote t been an issue before, but we\rquote ve added a lot of stuff so the numbers were way up.\par }{\b Salesperson: }{It may surprise you, Deborah, but comp rating errors, especially with mod figures, aren\rquote t that uncommon. Of course, it costs your company money when your agent doesn\rquote t catch these things. We have a standard policy of auditing all mod figures and taking a good hard look at every situation to make sure our clients are paying the lowest possible rates. If you\rquote re paying too much your job could be on the line.\par }{\b Prospect: }{I see what you mean, Joe. I think we }{\ul should}{ have your agency give us a comparative review\u8230\'c9\par }\pard\plain \s2\ri1440\sb480\sa240\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f76\fs32\cgrid {Remove the Boulders Before You \line Plow the Field\par }\pard\plain \s15\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\tab *\tab Be alert to instances when there is a barrier between you and the contact\par \tab *\tab Acknowledge the person\rquote s preoccupation or negativity\par }\pard\plain \s38\fi-720\li720\ri864\sa360\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx288\adjustright \cgrid {\tab *\tab Offer to call back at a better time\par }\pard\plain \ri1224\sa240\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {No matter how persuasive you are, if the suspect doesn\rquote t hear what you\rquote re saying, there\rquote ll be no dialogue or positive outcome. Some very ordinary circumstances prevent prospects from listening even though they have the phone to their ear. Perhaps they\rquote re still preoccupied with what they were doing before you called, or maybe their distrust of sales people prevents them from giving you a fair moment of their time. When barriers like these block your path you\rquote ve got to remove them before you can proceed. If you don\rquote t relate to the road blocks but advance anyway, you\rquote ll spend your time grappling with obstacles instead of communicating about insurance. By acknowledging the contact\rquote s distractions you\rquote ll show them you understand and respect their feelings. Your consideration may earn you the few quality moments you need on the phone.\par }{\b Salesperson: }{Bill, I\rquote m calling about the general business insurance, but you sound pretty busy. Is there a better time to speak to you?\par }{\b Prospect: }{(sigh) Yeah, can you call back in the morning? One of our machines just broke down and I\rquote m up to my eyeballs.\par }{\b Salesperson: }{Are you in before 9:00?\par }{\b Prospect:}{ Yeah, the best time to get me is around 8:30. And thanks for understanding.\par \par \par }{\fs16 (Reprinted by Permission of Professional Marketing Associates, Amherst, MA 01002. Copyright \u169\'a9 1992, 1999.)\par }{\par \par }}